why do we always have to cater to women
we put them on pedestals and make up
cockeyed rules about the weaker sex you
get into an elevator with one of the
weaker section you take off your hat and
some kind of pagan tribute we keep
treating them like flowers and they keep
outliving us but there must be a girl
somewhere who thinks it thinks it's a
wonderful career just to have a home and
baby his only thought is to make her
husband happy
the princess taja would be the ideal
wife every secret in every skill of 5000
years have been imparted to her every
day and night of her life
you see before you a woman whose entire
being is dedicated to but one desire the
desire to ring to her husband the gift
of complete happiness to see what you
mean
I do not understand your country in
America machines to everything I'm not
quite I can be a woman too I know I see
oh no woman's work is never done gotta
wash him dress him feed him and burp him
darling darling I'm back it seems I've
waited all my life for you and in the
little while and in the little while we
can
you